# Procurement

Procurement

- Requirements / requested and some timeline provided
- 1000 vendors
- All PO has FOB prices
- Stock items / Buy to Order
- Example:
    - Palmrose Oil SKU 1051 (Stock item)
    - Timeline of inbound materials (to determine when its gonna arrive)
    - Pref source: Import -
    - 50 vendors, each vendor carries diff price and quality
    - Samples are given and then validated through testing they’re approved
    - On the arrival of shipment we test pick sample to approve it
    - 3 vendors could be sampled at the same time.
    - Low, med, high — on prices (need to find sweet spot)
    - 
- Task assigned: NetSuite has a task for this, few classification and bits pieces in there (Screenshot of task purchases)
- OOS And Stock: out of stock
- Reviewing the request
- Proceed to quote
- 
    - 

---

got a list of vendors?

multiple vendor to 1 SKU

Tariffs & duty changes

Usual and new product

Everything can be seasonal or yearly

MRP Report. Forecast calculation

Sales based purchases.

Business based purchases.

FOP price are not included freight prices

1 quote per SKU? Why-

Because David coded it.

Email thread contains more 1 item. Closest part with the quotes.

Where do we see final price?

SAMPLE ORDER RESERVERATION(SOR, something like PO) - usually for new vendors

Inbound sample details - has a test process

Tracking #

Netsuite has vendor labelled as.

—-

How often do we go out of stock? - Most of our products are BTO

How much sales are affected because of OOS?

How often prices changes?

Do we have a list from vendor or can we?

—

Date plays role and